Please recreate this website. The frontend is working great so please copy it as is.  Make sure all the itinerary of events come from the google sheet
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1i3CI6gj54e63kR-fLza-2ncqzAof6H76iJj7pOzVP0I/edit?gid=0#gid=0

The backend admin is designed well but all none of the admin forms work and some that open up don’t  have proper heading to understand what are they are for and also some of them are mandatory so not able to save or edit these form fields. Please recreate so you copy the webssite exactly and the format and the color and the functionalities and the pictures . but fix all the admin based on the request above, The updated website is available at: https://vjdebunn.manus.space Admin login details: Admin URL: https://vjdebunn.manus.space/admin-login.html Email: shubham.pandey@gmail.com Password: jyoti50admin

Please make sure following happens on the site

1.	Jyotis picture is on top. Loaded here
2.	Make sure webpage is mobile and web friendly. And follow the black and gold theme
3.	Event schedule needs to be well formatted with proper table, boxes , icons button and notes.  Please create a proper formatting for each day of schedule. right now, They kind of keep flowing after each other and it’s hard to tell which day and which event because there is no line breaks, Paragraph breaks, table breaks etc. make it look more cleaner and appealing both on the website as well as on the phone.
4.	Color theme is black and gold
5.	Put all the schedules in one page in the main page instead of going to a button to open the full schedule. All the dates for schedules are from April 24 is a Thursday, April 25 is a Friday, April 26 this Saturday, and April 27 is a departure day that is missing from the schedule. Please refer to the Google sheet link again to check all the activities to create schedule with time, dress code, maps , website.
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1i3CI6gj54e63kR-fLza-2ncqzAof6H76iJj7pOzVP0I/edit?gid=0#gid=0
6.	There should a scrollable photo gallery option in the bottom of webpage. Please search and upload all the pictures for events that  I have provided through google sheet and also search schedule locations and put all those pictures in the photo gallery that is scrollable. Also make sure user is able to upload the image that will go directly into photo gallery. Compress all photos so they are all same size. And easy viewable. There should be a functionality also in the admin to see all these images and also upload new images that are automatically uploaded to the webpage
7.	It’s important for the site to be mobile friendly, as well as have an option on top where single click and add it to the phone home screen of the user. And yes, please use consistent icons and buttons to make it attractive.
8.	Make the picture of Jyoti adjustable so it’s auto formatted both for website as well as for phone or mobile devices right now. Her picture looks way too big on the phone so please adjust it so it looks good regardless of the platform right now it takes the whole mobile screen
Several items in Admin link above are not working.
1.	Contacts in Website  are not matching the admin contacts . When I add them or edit them or delete them they are not update on website. Plus we are not able give the title to the guest in the admin section. Website has titles like Host, Guest etc. Please make sure that whatever changes are made for contacts in the admin will reflect on the main website contact page . Allow a section in contact where we can talk about the Contact description. It can be a small paragraph or a couple of small paragraphs about the contacts.
2.	I should be able to change the footer through the admin section, Right now I cant change the footer.
3.	Important Reminder in Website  are not matching the admin reminders . When I add them or edit them or delete them they are not updated on website. 
4.	Schedule in Website  is not able to be updated by through admin .  I get following errors “Edit event functionality will be implemented in the final version” . Adding or editing event in the admin doesn’t allow adding Dress Code option, View Map, view website buttons. And doesn’t allow any place to put Notes or comments. Lastly it doesn’t allow to add any pictures.
5.	Not sure where Notes in Admin area is posted on the main website. Notes are essentially for Schedules and should be part of schedule to add or edit notes for each schedule.
6.	In the admin section, I cannot add or edit or delete 
a.	1. Schedules . Please make sure I’m able to do every single portion of schedule. Add , delete , edit including images , website, maps, icons, notes, dress code, anything else you think relevant. When I edit it, it doesn’t load current data and doesn’t save it either if I type it
b.	Contacts not able to do add , edit or delete. When I edit it, it doesn’t load current data and doesn’t save it either if I type it
c.	Reminders not able to do add, edit or delete. When I edit it, it doesn’t load current data and doesn’t save it either if I type it 
d.	Notes not able to do add edit or delete. When I edit it, it doesn’t load current data and doesn’t save it either if I type it 
e.	Gallery not able to do add edit or delete. When I edit it, it doesn’t load current data and doesn’t save it either if I type it 
7.	Everything should be working and I should not get a message that it will work in final version. This is the final version.

Please check every step in the website and admin and make sure they are working and correlate. Follow the color scheme of current site and don’t change the structure. Just add the functionalities requested above.
